README.md, before:

# CO2 Tracker Utils


<div align="center">

[![Build status](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/workflows/build/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/co2-tracker-utils.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/co2-tracker-utils/)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Security: bandit](https://img.shields.io/badge/security-bandit-green.svg)](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/blob/master/.pre-commit-config.yaml)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic%20versions-informational.svg)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/blob/master/LICENSE)

CO2 Tracker helpers
</div>


-   Free software: MIT license
-   Documentation: <https://co2-tracker-utils.readthedocs.io>.

Features
========

-   TODO

Credits
=======

This package was created with
[Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the
[audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
project template.

Commit message:

docs: Clarify supported environment
Add installation part and document supported Python versions and supported cloud providers.

README.md, after:

# CO2 Tracker Utils


<div align="center">

[![Build status](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/workflows/build/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/co2-tracker-utils.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/co2-tracker-utils/)
[![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr%20author%3Aapp%2Fdependabot)

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Security: bandit](https://img.shields.io/badge/security-bandit-green.svg)](https://github.com/PyCQA/bandit)
[![Pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/blob/master/.pre-commit-config.yaml)
[![Semantic Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic%20versions-informational.svg)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils)](https://github.com/comet-ml/co2-tracker-utils/blob/master/LICENSE)

CO2 Tracker helpers
</div>


-   Free software: MIT license
-   Documentation: <https://co2-tracker-utils.readthedocs.io>.

Features
========

-   Python2.7 and Python 3.5+.
-   Windows, Mac OS X and Linux support for GPU logging.
-   AWS, GCP and Azure support for Cloud metadata logging.


Installation
============

CO2 Tracker helpers can be installed by running `pip install co2-tracker-utils` or `conda install -c conda_forge -c comet_ml co2-tracker-utils`.

Credits
=======

This package was created with
[Cookiecutter](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter) and the
[audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage)
project template.
